[DOC-3056] Update SMP monitoring topic (#1571)
harness/developer-hub: docs/self-managed-enterprise-edition/monitor-self-managed-enterprise-edition/monitor-harness-on-prem.md

- Kubernetes 1.22+ (Harness recommends 1.23)
- Helm 3.2.0+
- Prometheus version: Bitnami/kube-prometheus 8.4.0+
- Istio version 1.15.3
- Nginx version v1.0.0-alpha.2

:::info note
For this example, we use the Prometheus operator packaged by Bitnami as an external Prometheus setup.
:::

> ## Configure metrics and Ingress rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure metrics and ingress rules
```

Follow the steps below on the Kubernetes cluster where you deploy your Harness instance:

1. Add the following overrides to enable database metrics. This updates your Harness installation and your existing overrides.

   ```
   platform:
      mongodb:
        metrics:
          enabled: true
      timescaledb:
        prometheus:
          enabled: true
      redis:
        metrics:
          enabled: true
   ```

> 2. Create an ingress file for `metrics`, with defined routing rules that forwards requests to an internal service exposing metrics with a similar configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an ingress file for `metrics`, with defined routing rules that forward requests to an internal service exposing metrics with a similar configuration.
```

   Add your IPs to your allow list so the metrics exposed by the ingress are only accessible internally. The IP included in the allow list is the external IP for the node where you host Prometheus in a separate cluster.
  :::

## Configure Prometheus to integrate with Harness

> Follow the instructions below based on the type of your prometheus installation to integrate with your Harness instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To integrate Prometheus with your Harness instance, follow the instructions below for your type of prometheus installation:
```

Reviewer: I thought the original sentence was a bit awkward when spoken.
